feat: langflow ai integration docs (#1425)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/integrations/ai/langflow.md

---
title: Langflow integration
sidebar_label: Langflow
description: Learn how to integrate Apify with Langflow low-code tool to build powerful AI agents and workflows that can use any API, model, or database.
sidebar_position: 1
slug: /integrations/langflow
---

**Learn how to integrate Apify with Langflow to run complex AI agent workflows.**

---

## What is Langflow?

> [Langflow](https://langflow.org/) is a visual low-code tool for developers that makes it easier to build powerful AI agents and workflows that can use any API, model, or database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Langflow](https://langflow.org/) is a low-code, visual tool that enables developers to build powerful AI agents and workflows that can use any API, models, or databases.
```

> For more information on Langflow, visit its [documentation](https://docs.langflow.org/).

## How to use Apify with Langflow

> This guide will first demonstrate how to call Apify Actors by using the [RAG Web Browser](https://apify.com/apify/rag-web-browser) Actor to search Google for a query and extract the search results. Then, it will provide an example of using an AI agent workflow to search the web for a company's social media profiles and extract data from them. We will use the [Google Search Results Scraper](https://apify.com/apify/google-search-scraper) Actor to search the web for social media profiles of a given company. Then, we will use the [TikTok Data Extractor](https://apify.com/clockworks/free-tiktok-scraper) Actor to extract data from the TikTok profiles.

Author: makes sense, will split into two bullet points

> Langflow can either be installed locally or used in the cloud. The cloud version is available on the [Langflow](http://langflow.org/) website. If you are using the cloud version, you can skip the installation step.

### Installation

> First, we need to install the Langflow platform using [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/):

Reviewer 2: Just saying, users might not be familiar with `uv` yet

```bash
uv pip install langflow
```

After successfully installing Langflow, we can start the platform:

```bash
uv run langflow run
```

When the platform is started, open the [Langflow UI](http://127.0.0.1:7860) in your browser.

> Other installation methods can be found in the [Langflow documentation](https://docs.langflow.org/get-started-installation).

### Creating a new flow

> First, we need to create a new flow.

Author: agree

On the Langflow welcome screen, click the **New Flow** button:
![Langflow welcome screen - New Flow](../images/langflow/new_flow.png)

On the **New Flow** screen, click **Blank Flow**:
![New Flow screen - Blank Flow](../images/langflow/new_blank_flow.png)

Now, we can start building our flow.

> ---

Author: sure, removed the separator

![Flow - Apify Actors Output Filter](../images/langflow/apify_actors_output_filter.png)

Now, the output contains only the `markdown` and flattened `metadata` fields:

![Flow - Apify Actors Output Filtered](../images/langflow/apify_actors_output_data_filtered.png)

Now that we understand how to call Apify Actors, let's build a practical example where we search for a company's social media profiles and extract data from them.

### Building a flow to search for company's social media profiles

In this example, we will build a flow that searches the web for a company's social media profiles and extracts data from them.

Create a new flow and add two **Apify Actors** components from the menu.

Input your API token (learn how to get it [here](https://docs.apify.com/platform/integrations/api)) and set the Actor ID of the first component to `apify/google-search-scraper` and the second one to `clockworks/free-tiktok-scraper`:
![Flow - Actors configuration](../images/langflow/apify_actors_configuration.png)

Now add the *Agent* component from the menu and set your OpenAI API key (get it [here](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)):

> > For better results, switch the model to `gpt-4o` instead of `gpt-4o-mini` in the Agent configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Optimize Agent results

For better results, switch the model to `gpt-4o` instead of `gpt-4o-mini` in the Agent configuration

:::
```

:::note Explore Langflow

For more information on Langflow, visit its [documentation](https://docs.langflow.org/).

:::

## How to use Apify with Langflow

This guide will demonstrate two different ways to use Apify Actors with Langflow:

- **Calling Apify Actors in Langflow**: We will use the [RAG Web Browser](https://apify.com/apify/rag-web-browser) Actor to search Google for a query and extract the search results.
- **Building a flow to search for a company's social media profiles**: We will use the [Google Search Results Scraper](https://apify.com/apify/google-search-scraper) Actor to search the web for social media profiles of a given company. Then, we will use the [TikTok Data Extractor](https://apify.com/clockworks/free-tiktok-scraper) Actor to extract data from the TikTok profiles.

### Prerequisites

#### Apify API token

To use Apify Actors in Langflow, you need an Apify API token. If you don't have one, you can learn how to obtain it in the [Apify documentation](https://docs.apify.com/platform/integrations/api).

#### OpenAI API key

> In order to work with agents in Langflow, you need an OpenAI API key. If you don't have one, you can get it from the [OpenAI platform](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys).

Author: Same here - agree 👍

:::note Cloud vs local setup

Langflow can either be installed locally or used in the cloud. The cloud version is available on the [Langflow](http://langflow.org/) website. If you are using the cloud version, you can skip the installation step, and go straight to [Creating a new flow](#creating-a-new-flow)

:::

### Installation

First, we need to install the Langflow platform using [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/):

```bash
uv pip install langflow
```

After successfully installing Langflow, we can start the platform:

```bash
uv run langflow run
```

When the platform is started, open the [Langflow UI](http://127.0.0.1:7860) in your browser.

> Other installation methods can be found in the [Langflow documentation](https://docs.langflow.org/get-started-installation).

### Creating a new flow

First, we need to create a new flow.

On the Langflow welcome screen, click the **New Flow** button:

> ![Langflow welcome screen - New Flow](../images/langflow/new_flow.png)

Reviewer 2: @MQ37  I would limit the images so that the guide is not too long. 
For example, the very first image `On the Langflow welcome screen, click the New Flow button:` isn't this obvious when you open langflow

Reviewer: You would think so... but sometimes is not :D I would err on the side of having more thorough screenshots

Author: I think we can remove the **New Flow** button screen, but definitely keep the **Blank Flow**, I haven't noticed the button at first when using Langflow.

On the **New Flow** screen, click **Blank Flow**:
![New Flow screen - Blank Flow](../images/langflow/new_blank_flow.png)

Now, we can start building our flow.

### Calling Apify Actors in Langflow

> To call Apify Actors in Langflow, we need to add the **Apify Actors** component to the flow.
> 
> From the bundle menu, add **Apify Actors** component:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To call Apify Actors in Langflow, we need to add the **Apify Actors** component to the flow.
From the bundle menu, add **Apify Actors** component:
```

![Flow - Add Apify Actors](../images/langflow/bundles_apify.png)

> Next, we need to configure the Apify Actors components. First, input your API token (learn how to get it [here](https://docs.apify.com/platform/integrations/api)). Then, set the Actor ID of the component to `apify/rag-web-browser` to use the [RAG Web Browser](https://apify.com/apify/rag-web-browser). Set the **Run input** field to pass arguments to the Actor run, allowing it to search Google with the query `"what is monero?"` (an example Actor input can be found [here](https://apify.com/apify/rag-web-browser/input-schema)):

Reviewer 2: Refer to input schema rather than example (which is not true)
(full Actor input can be found [here](https://apify.com/apify/rag-web-browser/input-schema)) ?

Author: There is `JSON example` tab/button next to `Description` but sadly it cannot be linked by appending `#json-example` in the url (maybe possible actor details page improvement?)

```json
{"query": "what is monero?", "maxResults": 3}
```

Now, we can run the component by clicking the **Run** button.
![Flow - Apify Actors Run](../images/langflow/apify_actors_run.png)

Once the run is finished, we can view the output by clicking the **Output** button.
![Flow - Apify Actors Output](../images/langflow/apify_actors_output.png)

The output should look similar to this:
![Flow - Apify Actors Output Data](../images/langflow/apify_actors_output_data.png)

> To filter only the `metadata` and `markdown` fields, set **Output fields** to `metadata,markdown`. Additionally, enable **Flatten output?** by setting it to `true`. This will output only the metadata and text content from the search results.

Reviewer 2: Should there by question mark at the end `Flatten output?` I know it is a bool but still seems weird. I'm not sure if this is some langflow convention. In Apify console, we don't do it

Author: Checked other langflow components and none of them use question mark for bool inputs. I personally prefer the question mark variant, but we can change that.

Author: Change the label in our Apify langflow component and removed the `?` and also took new screens
